Generic Initialization::

You can only use public parameterless constructors w/ the generic new() constraint. However you can use object initializers to do the rest of the work, assinging to fields as if you were 
constructing. I also had an idea for "coyping generic list" by initializing it and then adding to the list in a foreach, though I think that thought hasnt been fully thought out yet
Remember that in the future when trying to instance stuff using generics.


Covariant return types:

If a virtual method in a base type returns the base type as it's return value, an inheritor can override that method to return it's own type instead. If you click tab
the IDE won't do that automatically, it is manual. Also, if you're calling the base method as part of the override, you need to cast the return value to the inheritor type.

MAJOR NOTE: Covariant return types do not work on Net Standard 2.0 (This may not be true I heard it from AI, verify later)


Ref:
I made the mistake of passing a null local variable to a method and then assigning to it within that method, expecting it to assign the value to the variable in the original method
because it was a reference type. It was not assigning and I didnt understand why. The solution was passing the variable as ref.


Most collections can be casted into their ReadOnly format. For public API methods that take collections and do not mutate them, ReadOnly or IEnumerable is preferred
for the parameter type

optimal struct max size is 16 bytes


(T)(Object)  explanation:

had a method like

T MakeIntoGeneric<T>(T obj) where T : memberinfo

it turned generic Methods and Types definitions into concrete Generic Methods and Types

so for example, for Types, it would check this

if(typeof(T) == typeof(Type))

then it would return

type.MakeGenericType()

a value of class Type
wasnt working, i couldnt Return a Type, even though Type is a MemberInfo
you need to cast it to object, then T



If an IEnumerables underlying type is an ICollection, Count() is optimized